Promscale: Resource reommendation guide for metrics (#901)
timescale/docs: promscale/installation/recomm-guide.md

# Resource recommendations

> Here are the compute and disk requirements that is recommended for Promscale based on the ingest rate and retention. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the compute and disk requirements that are recommended for Promscale, based on the ingest rate and retention. 
```

## Metrics
Resource recommendation for ingestion through Prometheus remote-write. 

### Prometheus remote write
Compute recommendations for the Promscale connector and TimescaleDB are:

| Ingestion Rate          | Connector CPU      | Connector Memory   | DB CPU | DB Memory| DB connections |
| --------                | -------- | -------- | -------|----------|----------------|
| 10k samples/sec      |     0.5     |      250 MB    |    1    |    4 GB      |          1      |
| 50k samples/sec      |     2     |     700 MB     |    4    |     16 GB     |       2         |
| 100k samples/sec   |    4      |     2 GB     |          8     |       32 GB         |  4|
| 200k samples/sec   |     8     |     4.5 GB     |     16   |      64 GB    |        8        |

> | 500k samples/sec   |    32      |     9 GB     |     32   |     128 GB    |        64        |

Reviewer 2: @VineethReddy02 @antekresic I don't think we were not able to achieve 500K sustained in cloud. I would remove if we are not sure we can achieve it.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, until we reduce the IO load necessary, I don't think we will be able to support it on Cloud.

> Disk recommendations for the TimescaleDB are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disk recommendations for TimescaleDB are:
```

The default chunk interval is `8h`

| Ingest rate       | Retention  | Disk size per day | Uncompressed buffer| Total disk size | WAL size | 
| --------          | --------   |------------|------|-------|---------------|-----------------|
| 10k samples/sec      |     90 days     |    ~2 GB      |  ~21 GB  | ~200 GB   |     1.25 GB              |
|  50k samples/sec      |  90 days        |    ~10 GB      | ~105 GB | ~1 TB      |              -          |
| 100k samples/sec   |     90 days    |    ~20 GB      |  ~210 GB  | ~2 TB    |     -     |
| 200k samples/sec   |     90 days     |      ~40 GB    |  ~420 GB  | ~4 TB   |      -    |
| 500k samples/sec   |      90 days    |      ~100 GB    |   ~1.05 TB  | ~10 TB   |     -     |

**Disk size per day**: disk consumption per day based on the ingest rate.

**Uncompressed buffer**: disk consumed by uncompressed data before compression.

**Total disk size**: size of disk required to store the data based on the ingest rate and retention. 

You can calculate the **total disk size** based on rentention and ingest rate using the following formula:

> **Total disk size** = (Disk size per day based on the ingest rate * Retention in days) + Uncompressed buffer.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase these to remove the bolding and make it a little easier to read? Perhaps it works better as a bulleted list? Or even prose?

Author: Added it as part of the tip!

> # Resource recommendation guide

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# Resource recommendations
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The resource recommendation guide is to help you understand the compute and disk requirements for Promscale based on your ingest rate and retention. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Here are the compute and disk requirements that is recommended for Promscale based on the ingest rate and retention. 
```

Reviewer: object/verb disagreement

Reviewer 4: updated the verb in the suggestion

> ## Metrics

Reviewer: Don't leave a heading with no content. Can we add a sentence or two here to introduce the sub-sections?

### Prometheus remote write

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Below are **compute recommendations** for the Promscale connector and TimescaleDB:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Compute recommendations for the Promscale connector and TimescaleDB are:
```
https://developers.google.com/style/word-list?hl=en does not recommend using below for the position in the document.

| Ingestion Rate          | Connector CPU      | Connector Memory   | DB CPU | DB Memory| DB connections |
| --------                | -------- | -------- | -------|----------|----------------|
| 10k samples/sec      |     0.5     |      250 MB    |    1    |    4 GB      |          1      |
| 50k samples/sec      |     2     |     700 MB     |    4    |     16 GB     |       2         |
| 100k samples/sec   |    4      |     2 GB     |          8     |       32 GB         |  4|
| 200k samples/sec   |     8     |     4.5 GB     |     16   |      64 GB    |        8        |

> | 500k samples/sec   |    32      |     9 GB     |     32   |     128 GB    |        64        |

Reviewer: Can we unspace/compress this table please?

> Below are **disk recommendations** for the TimescaleDB:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Disk recommendations for the TimescaleDB are:
```
https://developers.google.com/style/word-list?hl=en does not recommend using below for the position in the document.

> Default to chunk interval `8h`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The default to chunk interval is `8h`
```

| Ingest rate       | Retention  | Disk size per day | Uncompressed buffer| Total disk size | WAL size | 
| --------          | --------   |------------|------|-------|---------------|-----------------|
| 10k samples/sec      |     90 days     |    ~2 GB      |  ~21 GB  | ~200 GB   |     1.25 GB              |
|  50k samples/sec      |  90 days        |    ~10 GB      | ~105 GB | ~1 TB      |              -          |
| 100k samples/sec   |     90 days    |    ~20 GB      |  ~210 GB  | ~2 TB    |     -     |
| 200k samples/sec   |     90 days     |      ~40 GB    |  ~420 GB  | ~4 TB   |      -    |
| 500k samples/sec   |      90 days    |      ~100 GB    |   ~1.05 TB  | ~10 TB   |     -     |

> **Disk size per day**: per day disk consumption per based on the ingest rate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Disk size per day**:  disk consumption per day based on the ingest rate.
```

> **Uncompressed buffer**: disk consumed by uncompressed data prior to compression.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Uncompressed buffer**: disk consumed by uncompressed data before compression.
```

> **Total disk size**: total disk required to store the data based on the ingest rate and retention. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Total disk size**: size of the disk required to store the data based on the ingest rate and retention. 
```

> You can calculate the **total disk size** based on your rentention and ingest rate using below formula

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can calculate the **total disk size** based on the rentention and ingest rate using the following formula:
```

> **Total disk size** = (Disk size per day based on your ingest rate * Retention in days) + Uncompressed buffer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Total disk size** = (Disk size per day based on the ingest rate * Retention in days) + Uncompressed buffer.
```

### Prometheus remote write
Compute recommendations for the Promscale connector and TimescaleDB are:

> | Ingestion Rate | Connector CPU | Connector Memory | DB CPU | DB Memory | DB connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Ingestion Rate|Connector CPU|Connector Memory|DB CPU|DB Memory|DB connections|
```

Please do this for all lines in both tables.

> | Ingestion Rate | Connector CPU | Connector Memory | DB CPU | DB Memory | DB connections |
> | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Ingestion Rate|Connector CPU|Connector Memory|DB CPU|DB Memory|DB connections|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
```

Please do this for all rows in both tables.

| 50k samples/sec      |     2     |     700 MB     |    4    |     16 GB     |       2         |
| 100k samples/sec   |    4      |     2 GB     |          8     |       32 GB         |  4|

> | 200k samples/sec   |     8     |     4.5 GB     |     16   |      64 GB    |        8        |

Reviewer: Both of these tables still need to be compressed/unspaced

|  50k samples/sec      |  90 days        |    ~10 GB      | ~105 GB | ~1 TB      |              -          |
| 100k samples/sec   |     90 days    |    ~20 GB      |  ~210 GB  | ~2 TB    |     -     |
| 200k samples/sec   |     90 days     |      ~40 GB    |  ~420 GB  | ~4 TB   |      -    |

**Disk size per day**: disk consumption per day based on the ingest rate.

**Uncompressed buffer**: disk consumed by uncompressed data before compression.

**Total disk size**: size of disk required to store the data based on the ingest rate and retention. 

> <highlight type="tip">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<highlight type="note">
```
